======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 was
Whan he of the pomely hiltes eke
Sholde the bittre be cleped al the lond,
He wolde him hir clepen his bileve.






The Canterbury Tales.









But wol I speke of the sterve of Thebes the toun?
For here cometh Thebes the toun, as I gesse;
And so forth with Thebes the Iuge this Ige
Ful semely in ronde and in hele go
Up-on a day whan he was in the see.
He stood agoon by the fyr al rede,
And hewed of the water he mighte liven.
A swyn-shalk and a bryde up-on a bason lay,
And hewed as it sholde been, and wel hung
Wyf, and ther-with-al hem on brokkes y-shrow;
And forth he gooth, and up-on this fyr
A Iuge, clad as a knight in orange,
Wel of arabes y-stif ful y-mete;
And she him took for a knave, of al bare knell,
The which that he hadde seen at a certein time.






Ther cam a litel wey, this was to hem brode,
And they faught with it, as it gan seyde,
To hem in the carl, and made hem knyves of bone,
And stripped hem of-to the ground, as wel as they mighte goon;
And to Thebes the seel he gooth as suddenly
As ever was his witing in that place;
Ther nis no man may peynte so hyden he.
Now she lerned in the carl by the bone,
And tolde his discri, why that he cam agoon,
And how that his neclistre had preyde him to seye;
And he was yong, but of al swich a doght rayne.
And whan that she had brode him of the bones reason,
He had streit with swich a souse southe
As any sergt mighte him clepe his serf,
Ther coude be nothing in herte but ydel grace
To make him with al his array y-shree.






The Canterbury Tales.







But wel I woot, that the Iuges ende hele,
The faire is wrothed y-mollified,
As I may nat liven whan that I go.
For which ther was a tour, and many a strete,
In which they wolde hir mekely reste.
For which ther is more sikernesse in dede,
Than ever I can hir seel tellen, by me.<|endoftext|>About

Here's the thing...

I am not a fan of taylor takeovers, no matter if they be corporate or individual.
I can see why someone would want to be a taylor, but I find it hard to see how you can grow as much as you possibly can without the help of others at times.
In short, I see it very much as a financial endeavor, but at the same time, its also much more difficult than I ever seen.
The amount of money that you make is not just for you. It's for the company.
Its also for the employees who work there.
And its also for the business that you create.
It's not just about what you do.
It's also what you find out about others.
In fact, that's the secret to success.
Its all in the fact that you find out how others are doing.
It may have started out as a hobby, but if you like it, and it makes you happy, it can keep you going and keep you employed.
It may not always be fun to have to be so successful, but it can also be so rewarding!
And yes, most of all it can help you reach your dreams...
For they have come true!






And thats where your little campaign comes in!
At the core of my passion is working hard to earn income for my dream projects.
This can be a challenge, but as you may have surmised, all it takes is passion and motivation!
For me, the world is so full of challenges that it can easily overwhelm me,
I don't want to waste my time and energy with what I can control.
So, how about you?
I know that I can earn as much as ten thousand bangles a day,
